there shall come forth a rod from the
there shall come forth a rod from the stem of Jesse and a branch shall grow
stem of Jesse and a branch shall grow
stem of Jesse and a branch shall grow out of his roots the Spirit of the Lord
out of his roots the Spirit of the Lord
out of his roots the Spirit of the Lord shall rest upon him the spirit of wisdom
shall rest upon him the spirit of wisdom
shall rest upon him the spirit of wisdom and understanding the spirit of counsel
and understanding the spirit of counsel
and understanding the spirit of counsel and might the spirit of knowledge and of
and might the spirit of knowledge and of
and might the spirit of knowledge and of the fear of the Lord his delight is in
the fear of the Lord his delight is in
the fear of the Lord his delight is in the fear of the Lord and he shall not
the fear of the Lord and he shall not
the fear of the Lord and he shall not judge by the sight of his eyes nor
judge by the sight of his eyes nor
judge by the sight of his eyes nor decide by the hearing of his ears but
decide by the hearing of his ears but
decide by the hearing of his ears but with righteousness he shall judge the
with righteousness he shall judge the
with righteousness he shall judge the poor and decide with equity for the meek
poor and decide with equity for the meek
poor and decide with equity for the meek of the earth he shall strike the earth
of the earth he shall strike the earth
of the earth he shall strike the earth with the rod of his mouth and with the
with the rod of his mouth and with the
with the rod of his mouth and with the breath of his lips he shall slay the
breath of his lips he shall slay the
breath of his lips he shall slay the wicked righteousness shall be the belt
wicked righteousness shall be the belt
wicked righteousness shall be the belt of his loins and faithfulness the belt
of his loins and faithfulness the belt
of his loins and faithfulness the belt of his waist
of his waist
of his waist the wolf also shall dwell with the lamb
the wolf also shall dwell with the lamb
the wolf also shall dwell with the lamb the leopard shall lie down with the
the leopard shall lie down with the
the leopard shall lie down with the young goat the calf and the young lion
young goat the calf and the young lion
young goat the calf and the young lion and the fatling together and a little
and the fatling together and a little
and the fatling together and a little child shall lead them the cow and the
child shall lead them the cow and the
child shall lead them the cow and the bear shall graze their young ones shall
bear shall graze their young ones shall
bear shall graze their young ones shall lie down together and the lion shall eat
lie down together and the lion shall eat
lie down together and the lion shall eat straw like the Ox the nursing child
straw like the Ox the nursing child
straw like the Ox the nursing child shall play by the Cobras old and the
shall play by the Cobras old and the
shall play by the Cobras old and the weaned child shall put his hand in the
weaned child shall put his hand in the
weaned child shall put his hand in the Vipers den they shall not hurt nor
Vipers den they shall not hurt nor
Vipers den they shall not hurt nor destroy in all my holy mountain for the
destroy in all my holy mountain for the
destroy in all my holy mountain for the earth shall be full of the knowledge of
earth shall be full of the knowledge of
earth shall be full of the knowledge of the Lord as the waters cover the sea and
the Lord as the waters cover the sea and
the Lord as the waters cover the sea and in that day there shall be a root of
in that day there shall be a root of
in that day there shall be a root of Jesse who shall stand as a banner to the
Jesse who shall stand as a banner to the
Jesse who shall stand as a banner to the people for the Gentiles shall seek Him
people for the Gentiles shall seek Him
people for the Gentiles shall seek Him and his resting place shall be glorious
and his resting place shall be glorious
and his resting place shall be glorious it shall come to pass in that day that
it shall come to pass in that day that
it shall come to pass in that day that the Lord shall set his hand again the
the Lord shall set his hand again the
the Lord shall set his hand again the second time to recover the remnant of
second time to recover the remnant of
second time to recover the remnant of his people who are left from Assyria and
his people who are left from Assyria and
his people who are left from Assyria and Egypt from pathos and
Egypt from pathos and
Egypt from pathos and from Elam and Shinar from hay meth and
from Elam and Shinar from hay meth and
from Elam and Shinar from hay meth and the islands of the sea he will set up a
the islands of the sea he will set up a
the islands of the sea he will set up a banner for the nations and will assemble
banner for the nations and will assemble
banner for the nations and will assemble the outcasts of Israel and gathered
the outcasts of Israel and gathered
the outcasts of Israel and gathered together the dispersed of Judah from the
together the dispersed of Judah from the
together the dispersed of Judah from the four corners of the earth also the envy
four corners of the earth also the envy
four corners of the earth also the envy of Ephraim shall depart and the
of Ephraim shall depart and the
of Ephraim shall depart and the adversaries of Judah shall be cut off
adversaries of Judah shall be cut off
adversaries of Judah shall be cut off Ephraim shall not envy Judah and Judah
Ephraim shall not envy Judah and Judah
Ephraim shall not envy Judah and Judah shall not harass Ephraim but they shall
shall not harass Ephraim but they shall
shall not harass Ephraim but they shall fly down upon the shoulder of the
fly down upon the shoulder of the
fly down upon the shoulder of the Philistines toward the west together
Philistines toward the west together
Philistines toward the west together they shall plunder the people of the
they shall plunder the people of the
they shall plunder the people of the east they shall lay their hand on Edom
east they shall lay their hand on Edom
east they shall lay their hand on Edom and Moab and the people of Ammon shall
and Moab and the people of Ammon shall
and Moab and the people of Ammon shall obey them the Lord will utterly destroy
obey them the Lord will utterly destroy
obey them the Lord will utterly destroy the tongue of the Sea of Egypt with his
the tongue of the Sea of Egypt with his
the tongue of the Sea of Egypt with his mighty wind he will shake his fist over
mighty wind he will shake his fist over
mighty wind he will shake his fist over the river and strike it in the seven
the river and strike it in the seven
the river and strike it in the seven streams and make men cross over dry-shod
streams and make men cross over dry-shod
streams and make men cross over dry-shod there will be a highway for the remnant
there will be a highway for the remnant
there will be a highway for the remnant of his people who will be left from
of his people who will be left from
of his people who will be left from Assyria as it was for Israel in the day
Assyria as it was for Israel in the day
Assyria as it was for Israel in the day that he came up from a land of Egypt